{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12780\viewh10160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - Tangential to A Vulnerable Disclosure and positioning oneself as a teacher with various identities in the classroom:\
 \
I saw a post on social media asking why histories of electronic music always center white male artists and asking for curricula to include early pioneers who are women of color.  I had two reactions to that, one of which is, yeah, can\'92t we dig out some of the early pioneers who are not white and male?  My other reaction to that is, early in the history of electronic music, it was very resource-intensive to make.  It required equipment that was expensive and often only housed at universities or research centers.  Those were institutions that, at the time, did not admit large numbers of people who were not white and male.  So how can we de-center white and male artists in electronic music history curricula, when most of the people who were \'93the first\'94 to have access to that equipment were white?\
\
- How do power dynamics emerge in a classroom as small as our labs, in contrast to maybe a larger discussion section?  Are these dynamics likely to be different in an undergraduate class than in a graduate-level class?  Randomness in distribution of identities in a classroom is more pronounced in smaller classrooms, so I\'92m wondering if there are dynamics particular to our lab sections that we should learn to be aware of.\
\
- In ch. 3, there\'92s discussion of certain pedagogical assumptions being harmful because they are individualistically framed.  He\'92s mostly trying to take guilt and responsibility off of single, \'93charismatic\'94 teachers, but he also says \'93Students are not just individual cognitive centers or information-processing mechanisms.\'94  Yet, each student will have a different experience in a class.  How do we acknowledge larger societal patterns of power while also avoiding making assumptions about any given individual student?}