{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 Dream Jukebox
\f1\i0 \
2023\
The Dream Jukebox displays an interactive grid of every sound and song heard by the artist and her partner in their dreams between January 2019 and September 2023.  Proximity of association was determined collaboratively; for example, the similar tempo and phrasing of \'93Loch Lomond\'94 (\'93You\'92ll take the high road, and I\'92ll take the low road\'94) and \'93Howdy Doody Time,\'94 but with the satirical lyrics \'93Come get your booty shined,\'94 led the two to place these items adjacently in the grid, whereas \'93I Dreamed a Dream\'94 from 
\f0\i Les Miserables
\f1\i0  sits almost completely opposite the 80 Hz sawtooth wave.\
\

\f0\i Water Piece
\f1\i0 \
2024\
As your ears adjust to this specially treated environment, you gradually detect the sound of boiling water and, then, a juvenile leopard frog.\
\

\f0\i Sound Piece
\f1\i0 \
2020\
During sixty seconds, think of an important person in your life and one kind phrase you could speak to them.  Make a note of the phrase.  At a future moment, speak that phrase to that person.\
\

\f0\i Imbalance Piece
\f1\i0 \
2024\
What sound is entering your left ear but not your right? What sound is entering your right ear but not your left?  If all sounds are balanced in the stereo field, turn your head until you hear an imbalance.\
\

\f0\i Four Minutes
\f1\i0 \
2015\
Leave the current room and find a space to sit by yourself, interior or exterior.  Once seated, start a timer for four minutes.  During the four minutes, write down everything you hear, however quiet or ambient.  After the four minutes, answer these questions:\
What percentage of the sounds you heard were made by people?\
By machines?\
By non-human living beings?\
What percent were made intentionally?\
Accidentally/incidentally?\
Were annoying?\
Were soothing?\
Prompted an emotional response?\
Were rhythmic?\
Were pitched or melodic?\
\

\f0\i Translation Piece
\f1\i0 \
2024\
Devise an alternative notation system for rhythmic patterns.  It should accommodate irregular as well as regular rhythmic sounds.  Your notation system may include visuals, objects, touch, or any modality other than sound.  As a starting place, imagine how you would notate the sound of jingling keys on a walking person\'92s belt loop.\
\

\f0\i Peaceful Electronics Piece
\f1\i0 \
2024\
If you have a smartphone, take it out and hold it flat in your hand.  Pause for 20 seconds, breathing in and out slowly.  Feel the weight of the phone.\
\
Now, think of a way to make sound using the phone that you\'92ve never tried before.  It could involve apps or utilities or a physical interaction with the phone; just don\'92t hurt the phone.  Take a moment to think of your phone as an instrument.\
\
Make the sound; pause to listen.}