{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 difference between a 1x3 array and a 3D vector, spatially?\
\
what other ways can I think of a weighted sum of the columns or rows of a matrix? do the elements in a matrix correspond to parameters in a model, where the matrix is a matrix of coefficients?\
\
*watch video about matrix/matrix multiplication\
\
For matrix-vector product for AB, we can treat A as a matrix multiplied in its entirety by each column (vector) of B?  For vector-matrix product for AB, we can treat B as a matrix multiplied in its entirety by each row (vector) of A?\
\
Can we talk about visualizing these multiplications?\
\
The trace is invariant under cyclic shifts -- but not random permutations? So, like, tr(ABC) == tr(CAB) but tr(ABC) != tr(CBA)?\
\
Could we walk through the Trace of a Matrix last problem?  I thought ei(2, 2) was a length-2 vector like [0 1].  What then does the product of x and x\'92 do, is it an outer product? What is an outer product?\
\
What is a flattened vector?\
\
Could we talk through the 8.1 last problem?\
\
I\'92m struggling to differentiate between xH and xT and x\'92 (x\'92 is the same as xH, right? then why are they notated differently all over the place?)\
\
What makes GPUs so good at matrix multiplication? Is there a way to determine how good a chip architecture will be at this?\
\
*watch video about least squares\
*watch video about logarithms\
*watch video about matrix multiplication exponent\
\
How does this way of tracking computational complexity compare with O(n) notation?  Talk through the question about the plot of t vs n and the matrix multiplication exponent.\
\
What is the matrix-matrix multiplication exponent?  What does it mean that GPUs have faster matrix-matrix multiplication but not a better exponent?  Is it about time vs computational complexity?}