{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15660\viewh10520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Recognizing Oppression:\
What is shyness?  It\'92s used as a self-stated reason for non-participation, but that feels like a cop-out.  It seems like shyness could be considered either a cause, if it\'92s somehow inherent to a person, or a result, of the various aspects of socialization alluded to (familial, community).  Is it a communication style?  Is it anxiety-based?  Are there multiple ways shyness can develop?  And for folks who are shy, is lack of participation also a correlate of worse learning outcomes?\
\
As someone who was considered shy as a kid, I really disliked any kind of small-group work or discussions.  Would I have benefited as much from partitipation as extroverted students?  Is the benefit of class participation equal across all populations?  Does the dislike have any kind of negative impact on learning (as in, I don\'92t like this subject anymore because the class is group-work-based)?\
\
\
Brookfield:\
How do we reconcile the fact that our own experience can be a valuable guide with the fact that, truly, anecdotal evidence is not valid evidence when it comes to any kind of research, including education research?  Sometimes we have to overcome our own experience-based assumptions to integrate the findings of \'93real\'94 research.  In Ch. 4 he kind of contradicts himself -- do what the research says! also do what you think is best!\
\
\
\
-have them identify what they\'92re still wondering about or have questions about\
-introduce Michael\'92s discussion guidelines\
-write a response before sharing\
-empower the person whose work it is to drive the discussion\
-be transparent about purposes of discussion: 1) help us all see new directions this work can take, 2) make connections between emotion/affect and technical language\
\
-translate student suggestions into technical language}